How dare you call my $10,000 bag of fake?
Yeah, you've probably seen one of those
with your own two eyes.
Actually, I have.
I used to own it and that's a fake.
If you look at the handles,
there should be mustard yellow stitching,
not bright yellow.
And there should also be five stitches
going across in all directions.
Well, that's actually true.
I've heard about that.
And this one has six.
Oof.
Told ya.
Shut up Emma.
It's probably a limited edition bag.
Yeah, it is a limited edition.
Okay.
That's not really adding up
because if it were a limited edition,
there wouldn't be a seam going through
the bottom of the bag.
I mean, anyone who knows anything about fashion bags
knows that you would never divide the bottom
with a seam.
You make the bottom seamless.
It's okay.
You don't have to be embarrassed.
Just know that that's a fake.
Excuse me.